docs(java): Improve wording/consistency; explain cds.requires impact (#1331)
cap-js/docs: java/outbox.md

- If an emit was successful, the respective message is deleted from the database table.
- If an emit wasn't successful, there will be a retry after some (exponentially growing) waiting time. After a maximum number of attempts, the message is ignored for processing and remains in the database table. Even if the app crashes the messages can be redelivered after successful application startup.

> To enable the persistence for the outbox, you need to add the service `outbox` of kind `persistent-outbox` to the `cds.requires` section in the _package.json_ or _cdsrc.json_, which will automatically add additional entities to your model.

Reviewer: , which will automatically enhance your CDS model in order to support the persistent outbox.

Author: ```suggestion
To enable the persistence for the outbox, you need to add the service `outbox` of kind `persistent-outbox` to the `cds.requires` section in the _package.json_ or _cdsrc.json_, which will automatically enhance your CDS model in order to support the persistent outbox.
```
